Support custom tags and metrics for GH jobs (#1161)
DataDog/datadog-ci: src/commands/tag/README.md

### Supported providers

> The tag command only works for the following CI providers: [Buildkite, CircleCI, GitHub, GitLab, AzurePipelines, Jenkins]. If used in

Reviewer: sorry, I didn't add the suggestion on this one 😟
```suggestion
The tag command only works for the following CI providers: Buildkite, CircleCI, GitHub, GitLab, Azure Pipelines and Jenkins. If used in
```

Author: And I didn't remember there were two very similar 😂 Committed!
